Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to another tutorial on this course on Drooly.
And in this story we are going to be covering again to function.
The first one is going to be to inspect function, and the second function is going to be the function
in which a hash is going to be converted into a string.
So starting on with the first function, that is the inspect function.
Now inspect is a hash glass matter, which gives the string representation of a hash.
And if you talk about the syntax of this inspect function, it is very simple.
You have to just write in the hash and you have to write and inspect.
It has no arguments in it.
The second function we are going to cover is the two string function and that is what is going to convert
a hash into a string.
And the syntax for that is the very same.
You have to just write and hash and you have to write and to underscore as and that is going to convert
a hash into a string.
So let's just see both of these functions in our editor, Adam.
And we already have got three hashes over here.
The first function we are going to do on these is going to be the inspect function.
So we are going to write in votes.
Hash a.
Inspect farm, and you're going to use interpellation over here as well, just right in that, you know,
inspect and as you know that it has to have no arguments, just run it.
And you can see that it has inspected that and it has returned the values, which are a part of this
hash right over here.
That is a so you can just write in bio here on this go and it is going to give you the elements of this
hash bee and you can just print out the elements of Hassey as well.
So this is basically inspecting it and returning the string representation of this hash to you.
Now, the second function we are going to cover is also the two string function, and that also gives
you the string representation of a hash.
So for that, you have to also just write in.
To underscore, yes, and you can now just write and hash a.
String Formalwear Hill.
Run this, and now this is basically a strange form of this hash, which means that this hash has now
been converted into a spring successfully.
Similarly, you can just write an arrow to us and be brought to us.
And similarly, these were the very simple example.
And both of these functions were basically used to give a string representation of a hash.
So I hope you now know how to represent a hash as a string.
So that's it with this tutorial.
Thank you so much for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next.